Update appdev-secrets-configuration.md (#307)
18F/identity-handbook: _articles/appdev-secrets-configuration.md

  ./bin/asg-recycle dev idp
```

Once the recycle is complete, scale out old IDP instances

```
 aws-vault exec prod-power -- ./bin/scale-remove-old-instances prod idp
 aws-vault exec prod-power -- ./bin/scale-remove-old-instances prod worker

> ```

Reviewer: WDYT about removing all these recycle instructions and link to the separate deploy article? (so we only have one place to look and update)

Author: I can do that 👍🏾

  ./bin/asg-recycle dev idp
```

> Once the recycle is complete, it is important to [scale out old IDP instances]({ % link _articles/appdev-deploy.md %}#config-recycle)

Reviewer: The syntax error was my bad 😬 
```suggestion
Once the recycle is complete, it is important to [scale out old IDP instances]({% link _articles/appdev-deploy.md %}#config-recycle)
```

> Once the recycle is complete, it is important to [scale out old IDP instances](https://handbook.login.gov/articles/appdev-deploy.html#config-recycle)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the recycle is complete, it is important to [scale out old IDP instances]({ % link _articles/appdev-deploy.md %}#config-recycle)
```
this can help us avoid hardcoding the domain (or catching if we rename the article, or change its permalink)
